Add v2.0.0 release notes (#1299)
pq-code-package/mldsa-native: RELEASE.md

[//]: # (SPDX-License-Identifier: CC-BY-4.0)

mldsa-native v1.0.0
===================

Release notes
-------------

v1.0.0 is the first stable release of mldsa-native, a secure, fast and portable C90 implementation of

> [ML-DSA](https://csrc.nist.gov/pubs/fips/204/final) derived from the ML-DSA reference implementation.

Reviewer: ```
... derived from the ML-DSA reference implementation.
```

worth a reference to the implementation [pq-crystals/dilithium](https://github.com/pq-crystals/dilithium)?

Author: Yes, added.

[//]: # (SPDX-License-Identifier: CC-BY-4.0)

mldsa-native v2.0.0
===================

> Release notes

Author: Reminder to myself: Mention https://github.com/pq-code-package/mldsa-native/pull/1349 in the release notes

Author: Added.

  [SLOTHY super-optimizer](https://github.com/slothy-optimizer/slothy).
* High assurance through memory- and type-safety proofs for the C frontend and backend (CBMC),
  functional-correctness and memory-safety proofs for both the AArch64 and x86_64 assembly
  backends (HOL Light and s2n-bignum), and extensive constant-time testing.

mldsa-native v2.0.0 is uniformly licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT OR ISC, giving consumers the choice to use any of these
licenses.

Assurance
---------

v2.0.0 marks the completion of the two formal-verification efforts underpinning mldsa-native: the HOL Light proofs for
the AArch64 (Neon) and x86_64 (AVX2) assembly backends and the CBMC proofs for the C code are now both complete.

- **AArch64 and x86_64 assembly proved in HOL Light.** Every routine in both the AArch64 (Neon) and x86_64 (AVX2)
  backends is proved functionally correct and memory-safe at the object-code level, using
  [HOL Light](https://hol-light.github.io/) and the [s2n-bignum](https://github.com/awslabs/s2n-bignum) verification
  infrastructure. All routines except the secret-vector rejection samplers (`rej_uniform_eta{2,4}`) are additionally

>   proved to have secret-independent timing.

Reviewer 2: Perhaps say explicitly that they do have secret-independent timing.

Author: Added.

> - **CBMC proofs for the C code**, establishing memory safety, type safety and absence of undefined behaviour for all C

Reviewer 2: absence of various classes of undefined behavior

Author: Changed.

  code involved in running mldsa-native with its C backend.

> [SOUNDNESS.md](SOUNDNESS.md) documents the scope, assumptions and residual risks of the verification work; it shares

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
See [SOUNDNESS.md](SOUNDNESS.md) for more detail on the scope, assumptions and residual risks of the verification work; it shares
```

Author: Done

its methodology, formal models and trusted computing base with the sister project
[mlkem-native](https://github.com/pq-code-package/mlkem-native).

Breaking changes since v1.0.0-beta2
-----------------------------------

> Between the last beta release ([v1.0.0-beta2](https://github.com/pq-code-package/mldsa-native/releases/tag/v1.0.0-beta2)) and this release, a number of breaking changes to the public API and configuration have been introduced.

Reviewer 2: Nit: Overly long line contrasting with the rest of the RELEASE.md.

Author: Fixed.

===================

Release notes
-------------

v2.0.0 is the first stable release of mldsa-native, a secure, fast and portable C90 implementation of
[ML-DSA](https://csrc.nist.gov/pubs/fips/204/final) derived from the
[ML-DSA reference implementation](https://github.com/pq-crystals/dilithium).
It carries the version number v2.0.0 rather than v1.0.0 because its public API and configuration are aligned with
those of the upcoming v2 release of the sister project
[mlkem-native](https://github.com/pq-code-package/mlkem-native).

mldsa-native v2.0.0 offers:
* High maintainability and extensibility through modular frontend/backend design.
* High performance through AArch64 (Neon) and x86_64 (AVX2) assembly backends and the use of the
  [SLOTHY super-optimizer](https://github.com/slothy-optimizer/slothy).
* High assurance through memory- and type-safety proofs for the C frontend and backend (CBMC),
  functional-correctness and memory-safety proofs for both the AArch64 and x86_64 assembly
  backends (HOL Light and s2n-bignum), and extensive constant-time testing.

mldsa-native v2.0.0 is uniformly licensed Apache-2.0 OR MIT OR ISC, giving consumers the choice to use any of these

> licenses.

Reviewer 3: "license" is a verb. "licence" is a noun.
